{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c1\c1;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12640\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 01. Find the total gross revenue for each certificate. name it as Total Gross and return certificates and total gross.\
02.write an query to retrieve the top 10 highest-grossing series. return series title and Gross.\
03.Find series with a meta score greater than 90.return series title and score in descending order\
04.Calculate the average runtime of movies for each genre, order the result according to runtime descending format\
05. Retrieve the series released in the last 5 years. return series title and released year.\
06.Find the director with the highest average IMDb rating . Return Director name and avg rating.round the result into 2 decimal points.\
07. Retrieve series with a runtime longer than 150 minutes. return series title and runtime\
08. Count the number of series in each genre \
09.Find series with IMDb ratings between 7 and 8\
10. Retrieve series with rating and gross that are directed by Francis Ford Coppola.\
11. Find the total gross revenue for each Director. name it as Total Gross and return Director and total gross\
12. Find the highest-grossing movie for each year. Return Series title and gross\
13.Retrieve series where main hero was John Travolta\
14. Query to identify movies where one of the stars listed in the "Star1", "Star2", "Star3", or "Star4" columns has also directed a movie.\
\
15. Write an query to calculate the cumulative gross revenue over time for each director.\
16. Query to identify movies with a runtime that is significantly longer  than  the average runtime of movies in the same genre.\
\
17. Write an query to find movies that have a higher IMDb rating than any other movie released in the same year.\
18. Calculate the total number of votes for each movie\
19. Recursive query to find all the directors who have directed more than one movie.\
20. Query to calculate the total gross revenue for each combination of genre and certificate.\
21. query to find movies that have a higher IMDb rating than any other movie released in the same year.\
}